(mystical music)
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
(magical music)
Biyomon!
This Digimon is Sora's partner.
Biyomon's flying
wasn't always so good,
but it's getting
better all the time,
thanks to Sora.
Now, check this out!
Biyomon is a very
curious Digimon.
So curious, in fact,
that it's got this habit
of pecking at anything
that looks interesting.
Sounds a little painful.
(intense music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(soft music)
[Narrator] Hoping to find
the Celestial Digimon,
the children split
up into two teams
and continued on their journey.
Along the way,
Tai and his team came across
some abandoned, old ruins
which turned out
to be the remains
of an ancient weapons factory.
-(soft music)
-(ground rumbling)
Mimi and Palmon got
separated from the team
and were attacked by Andromon,
an Ultimate Digimon
who'd been forced against
his will to be violent.
They were saved by Guardromon,
who'd awaken from a scrap pile,
where he'd been lying dormant.
(soft music)
But eventually,
as a result of Andromon's
relentless attacks,
Guardromon fell in battle,
trying to protect Mimi.
-(soft music)
-(ground rumbling)
And at that moment,
Mimi's anger exploded.
Togemon digivolved into the
Ultimate Digimon, Lillymon.
And with a series of
swift and elegant attacks,
finally succeeded in
defeating Andromon.
(soft music)
After a victory
darkened by sorrow,
Tai's team left the ruins behind
and continued on with
renewed determination.
Meanwhile...
(insects chirping)
(wind howling)
It's all jungle as
far as I can see.
You see anything?
No, everything looks clear.
(Joe sighs)
(Joe retches)
Joe, what's going on with you?
Is something wrong?
I don't know if it's
because of this long trip
but I think that maybe I'm
beginning to get air sick.
(Joe retches)
Well, you are the
sensitive type.
Don't worry about it.
No need to push yourself
beyond your limit.
(Joe retches)
Sorry, I think I'm
already beyond my limit.
(Joe retches)
Hey, Birdramon!
Better land, quick!
We need a break.
Got it.
(wind swooshing)
Hey, wait.
(Sora and Gabumon exclaims)
Something's coming!
(wings buzzing)
(Gabumon grunts)
[Gabumon] Those are Fanbeemon.
Do you think they're
coming for us?
No, I don't think so.
(tense music)
It looks more like
they're being chased.
(tense music)
-(tense music)
-(web swooshing)
-(Sora gasps)
-(tense music)
-(everyone gasps)
(tense music)
-(tense music)
-(everyone gasps)
(tense music)
-(tense music)
-(electric crackling)
Ah, do you think...
That thing...
It couldn't possibly
be a Digimon as well,
could it?
[Joe] Yeah, I think it is.
[Gomamon] If it is,
it sure is a big one.
[Matt] I've never seen
something like that.
Do you think it's
an Ultimate Digimon?
[Gabumon] Yeah, probably.
(Joe retches)
(tense music)
(robotic music)
The Fanbeemon!
Oh, those poor things.
Birdramon!
I'm on it.
(Birdramon swooshing)
(Joe moans)
Meteor Wing!
(fire swooshing)
(tense music)
-(tense music)
-(electric crackling)
-(robotic music)
(missiles swooshing)
Watch out!
-(Birdramon groans)
-(Joe moans)
(missiles swooshing)
Gabumon!
Blue Blaster!
(missiles swooshing)
(missiles rumbling)
[Sora] Birdramon,
into the forest!
[Birdramon] Roger that!
(trees exploding)
(everyone groans)
(Joe screams)
Joe overboard!
Joe!
-(Sora gasps)
-Wait!
I'm finished!
Goodbye cruel world!
(Joe screams)
(intense music)
(birds chirping)
(Cannonbeemon swooshing)
(robotic music)
(Waspmon swooshing)
(weapon rumbling)
[Sora] Any sign
of Joe or Gomamon?
(Gabumon groans)
They should have fallen
around here somewhere.
Well, Gomamon's with him
so I'm sure they'll
both be alright.
-(leaves rustling)
-(everyone exclaims)
-(Fanbeemon whimpers)
-(leaves rustling)
-Huh?
-(Fanbeemon whimpers)
-(leaves rustling)
(Fanbeemon cries)
-(everyone exclaims)
-(Fanbeemon cries)
(Fanbeemon cries)
(Fanbeemon groans)
Are you okay?
(Fanbeemon whimpers)
(sad music)
(Sora grins)
Hey, don't worry.
We're not gonna catch
you or anything.
Okay, buddy?
-(Fanbeemon whimpers)
-Uh-huh.
(Fanbeemon whimpers)
My name's Sora.
(Sora grins)
-(sad music)
-(Cannonbeemon swooshing)
So, Fanbeemon,
what in the world is
going on here anyway?
Fanbeemon and
everyone being forced
to turn into soldiers
for Cannonbeemon.
(Sora and Biyomon gasps)
Get taken away.
Cannonbeemon.
I take it Cannonbeemon
is the name
of that giant one
floating in the sky?
Now...
Now everyone captured,
except for me!
-(Fanbeemon cries)
-(Sora and Biyomon exclaims)
Say, Matt, did you
happen to notice
the dark miasma those
guys were emitting?
Yeah, you're right.
So, that must be how they're
building their forces up.
This is bad.
That's awful.
[Joe] Help!
-Somebody please help me!
-(Sora gasps)
-Huh?
Did you hear that?
[Joe] Get me out of here!
(tense music)
(Joe and Gomamon groans)
I'm so not enjoying this.
Hang on, Joe.
Stay calm.
Hurry up, Gomamon.
Digivolve to...
(Joe retches)
Actually, nevermind.
(Gomamon groans)
(Joe and Gomamon screams)
(tense music)
What do you see?
Joe and Gomamon got taken
inside Cannonbeemon.
Oh man, what a bummer.
We've gotta save them quick.
-Biyomon!
-Mm.
Hold on.
I have an idea.
(feet thudding)
Whoa!
Hey, Izzy!
I need a little help here.
What do you think
that is up ahead?
-Hm?
Well actually,
I've been having some trouble
getting a good connection
on my tablet recently.
Really? Again?
Gee, doesn't it seem
like you've been having
that problem with
it a lot lately?
It's probably just broken.
No, that's not it.
The tablet works fine.
Don't you worry.
If I ask my grandpa,
I can get you our company's
very latest model,
right off the shelf.
Maybe it'll work if we give
it a little karate chop?
Is this where I come in?
Ugh.
Izzy, perhaps you just need
to find a different location.
Uh, one with better reception.
Good idea.
Maybe then we can
get it to work.
Okay. Well then I
say we keep climbing
until we get to a
better spot higher up.
Yeah.
(Izzy grunts)
(device ticking)
(tense music)
[Gabumon] Blue Blaster!
[Biyomon] Spiral Twister!
(tense music)
(Fanbeemon grunts)
I come to help you all escape.
Hurry!
(wings buzzing)
(Digimon roaring)
Now's your chance to
escape, Fanbeemon.
Get moving.
Thank you, Sora.
(wings buzzing)
(laser swooshing)
(Gabumon groans)
(Biyomon whines)
Here it comes.
Remember, don't resist.
Yeah, I've got it.
-(tense music)
-(web swooshing)
(mystical music)
(Cannonbeemon swooshing)
(Waspmon swooshing)
[Gomamon] Joe!
Ugh, where are you Joe?
(garbage clanging)
-(garbage rumbling)
-(Joe screams)
(Joe whimpers)
I'm so cold.
Hey, come warm me up, Gomamon!
(Waspmon swooshing)
(everyone screams)
-(upbeat music)
-[Matt] Gabumon!
(upbeat music)
[Gabumon] Gabumon!
Digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
Garurumon!
(Garurumon roars)
(singing in Japanese)
Howling Blaster!
(ground rumbling)
What's that sound?
Now, what? Just when I thought
it couldn't get any worse,
it suddenly did.
(laser swooshing)
[Matt] Come on,
let's wipe them out!
(light swooshing)
(magical music)
(Garurumon roars)
Garurumon, digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
WereGarurumon!
(WereGarurumon grunts)
(ground rumbling)
-(ground rumbling)
-(walls cracking)
Huh?
Matt, Sora, you made it.
You gotta move, Joe.
Get outta the way, quick!
Huh?
[Biyomon] Spiral Twister!
(Joe screams)
(wall rumbling)
What is this place?
A garbage dump?
What?
I am not garbage!
[Gomamon] Marching Fishes!
(Sora, Matt, and Joe exclaims)
(water rushing)
Joe!
Gomamon!
(Gomanon and Joe laughs)
I'm glad to see you, Joe!
You guys, I could
really use your help.
They captured so many.
Those poor guys.
(laser swooshing)
(everyone groans)
They're coming from both sides.
We're totally surrounded.
We have no choice but to escape.
-(WereGarurumon grunts)
-(ground rumbling)
(everyone screams)
(tense music)
-(tense music)
-(ground rumbling)
(Joe cries)
Okay, Biyomon, you
know what to do!
Leave it to me.
(tense music)
Biyomon, digivolve to...
Birdramon!
(Joe cries)
(Gomamon grunts)
[Gomamon] Too...
Heavy....
(Sora grunts)
[Joe] Too high, too high!
We're too high!
[Sora] Everyone, get
ready to hop off!
(Joe groans)
(Joe grunts)
(Birdramon swooshing)
Sora?
Sorry, I've gotta go
free those prisoners.
I knew you'd say that.
But, but how?
I remembered what happened
with Neamon, that's how.
It was obvious.
I knew there was no way
you would just leave
those Fanbeemon behind.
(Sora exclaims)
(Sora grins)
(tense music)
Harpoon Torpedo!
(missile rumbling)
(missile swooshing)
We've got your back guys.
Leave all those Waspmon to us.
We'll take care of them.
It's Joe and Ikkakumon.
They've come to help.
There's a lot of them.
Do you have a plan?
Yeah, we'll get
back inside again,
round up the Fanbeemon,
and get them all
in one location.
[Birdramon] Right, and then
I'll carry them to safety.
(intense music)
[Matt] Got it.
So, we go back in.
(intense music)
(missile swooshing)
[Birdramon] Meteor Wing!
(missile rumbling)
[Matt] Give me three minutes.
(intense music)
-(laser swooshing)
-(missile rumbling)
(WereGarurumon roars)
(glass shattering)
(wings buzzing)
Come on, everybody!
Hurry up!
(intense music)
(wall rumbling)
[Birdramon] Sora, look.
That's our cue.
Looks like it's go
time, Birdramon.
You got it.
-(intense music)
-(mechanical music)
(electricity whirring)
(laser swooshing)
(Birdramon groans)
(mountain rumbling)
(Sora gasps)
(Sora groans)
[Birdramon] Meteor Wing!
(fire swooshing)
(mechanical music)
-(laser swooshing)
-(ground rumbling)
[Sora] Joe...
He did it.
He and Matt opened
up a path for us.
And I promise,
I am gonna get through it.
Not just for our world,
but for the suffering
Digimon in this world, too.
I will save you all!
(magical music)
(intense music)
[Birdramon] Birdramon!
Digivolve to...
(intense music)
Garudamon!
(singing in Japanese)
An Ultimate.
Garudamon!
(Garudamon roars)
(Garudamon grunts)
(laser swooshing)
(singing in Japanese)
[Birdramon] Wing Blade!
(intense music)
(singing in Japanese)
(Cannonbeemon rumbling)
Sora?
[Sora] Let's do it.
(Sora and Garudamon yells)
(Cannonbeemon rumbling)
(singing in Japanese)
(Garudamon grunts)
(Garudamon screams)
(singing in Japanese)
(Cannonbeemon rumbling)
Man, Sora, you are awesome!
(Cannonbeemon exploding)
(intense music)
Thank you, Sora!
For everything.
-So long everybody!
-(Sora laughs) Take care!
Take care of yourselves!
Garudamon.
Pretty amazing, huh?
Sure was.
But, it just goes to show
the kind of power we're
gonna need moving forward.
If we're gonna have a chance.
[Izzy] Hey, it's working again.
See, what'd I tell ya?
Am I right?
Or am I right?
That's the good news.
The bad news is our
rendezvous point with Matt
is still a long ways away.
It's past the next canyon.
Oh hey, Izzy.
Are you able to find out
what's happening on our world
now that you've got
a connection again?
[Izzy] Let's see.
The situation in Tokyo is...
(device ticking)
Ugh, not again.
Like I told you,
with things like that,
the one sure way
to get him to work
is give him a good whack.
Come on, let me give it a try.
I don't think so,
but thanks.
I'm telling you, my
grandpa will hook you up.
-Whoo!
-Watch out.
You might hurt your hand.
Why don't you just
let me whack it?
(Tai laughs)
I was only joking, Agumon.
But anyway, we better
get a move on.
Hm, ready when you are, Tai.
(gentle music)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
(intense music)
[Narrator] Will
Izzy and Tentomon
be able to master the giant maze
and save their friends from
Kuwagamon's vicious attacks?
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure:
The Kings of the Insects Clash.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.